Tokyo Japan for the NHK trophy this
youngster a teenager won the World
Junior Championships last year she is a
hometown favorite she's Japanese her
name Kimiko kawaii a very strong program
in the short or original program now
sitting in second place the pressures on
let's see if she can hold on to it
boy if she aggressive going into these
jumps a double Tolo triple toe perfect
and they miss jump a single Lutz she was
obviously going for more rotation on
that jump
triple loot three times around in the
air Peter a question Midori Ito has
returned most say that you cassano still
escape here is her heir apparent this is
our first look at Kimiko kawaii what do
you think well hi all I can say is this
a very strong stable of Japanese women
skaters
a little bit of a touchdown on the
triple salchow jump
remember she doesn't have the experience
the way surya bonaly does with world
competition but she's off to a good
start here
it helps to be home yes it does
triple salchow double toe loop
combination she has good speed on these
jumps with nice blow on the landings
Tomiko kawaii had a pretty impressive
debut for this former junior champion on
US Olympic gold she did very difficult
jumps however some of the jumps had
small mistakes on the landings it's a
complete package of music style and
athleticism a double toe loop in
combination with the triple the same
jump following it up with a triple
now watch the follow-through of the
right leg and she gets right up over
that jump very strong double axel very
good technique and now to see what the
judges feel about the debut on US
Olympic gold of Kimiko kawaii certainly
got enough flowers yes as she is at home
and first of all of course we will have
the technical merit and here they come
okay mom okay son
five three ones the USA Zoey five five
five five five three three or night
these are good marks for her being in
second place and looking at the market
of lon come up before this skater she's
in good condition
now artistic impression I'm very high
and I don't know if that'll be good
enough to keep her in second place or
not to there remains yet to skate
Lucas Sato who they say is the heir
apparent to Midori Ito xaro's
performance when we returned to Tokyo